Update governance model around changes in maintainership (#29292)
keycloak/keycloak: GOVERNANCE.md

### Changes in Maintainership

> Every 6 months (January and July) active maintainers fill in a survey covering what they have been doing as a maintainer 

Author: ```suggestion
Every 6 months (March and September) active maintainers fill in a survey covering what they have been doing as a maintainer 
```
